as a matter of fact 替代 in fact
ability to do   capable of doing
cardinal principle 基本原理
comprehensive skill 综合技能 
competitive 竞争激烈的 
instinctively 本能的
high meet of society 社会的高要求
global vision国际视野
major force to construct the future world 建设未来的主力军
trans-cultural communication 跨文化交流
cradle 摇篮

Should university students in all fields be required to take history courses?

innovative 创新的革新的
ensure a promimsing future 建设一个美好的未来

The reading passage puts forward the issue that the sudden disappearance of Roman Ninth Legion may relate to the rebellion in Scotland, roof tiles with symbol of NL in Netherland and revolt in Judea. However, this statement is questioned by the lecture which provides drastically different evidences and argues.

The lecturer begins to reveal that the Ninth Legion could not been wiped out by Scottish rebels in battle by pointing out that lots of evidence like weapons or equipment must be left behind by soldiers after a great battle between rebels and Roman armies. If the legion has indeed defeated in the battle, remains of such evidence should be found but not. This evidence contradicts with the view point that the Ninth Legion was destructed after a great battle with Scotland rebels, as stated in the reading passage.

Then the lecturer goes on to maintain that the roof tile mentioned in the reading passage cannot prove anything. He thinks that a kiln is a must if the Ninth Legion wants to make roof tiles. But no such evidence has been found near the damaged fort. These tiles could  have been taken from Britain to Netherland by someone else. According to the reading passage however, the Ninth Legion is believed disappearing in Netherland because the roof tiles with symbol of NL were found in the damaed fort. Therefore, the lecture goes against what is presented in the reading passage.

Finally, the lecturer states that the legion cannot be destroyed in the Roman province of Judea or on the journey there, since it was inefficient for the Roman government to use the Ninth Legion to counter revolt in Judea because Britain was on the western eage of the Roman Empire while Judea was on the east edge. Using another legion in territories near the Judea would much easier for transportation and supplication. This example also casts doubt on the contents of the reading passage, which considers that the Ninth Legion was disappeared in Judea or on the journey in order to suppress revolt there.
