spoiled 被宠坏的
cradle 摇篮
1、对于学校学习的开头
University, the cradle of future scientists, doctors, lawyers, and different sorts of decision-makers, si not just about high-rise
teaching buildings or brand-new laboratory equipment, but also about satisfying academic atmosphere and cozy living conditons. 
When it comes to issues that ……
2、定义法开头 第二局直接加题目的改写 加个人选择
3、引用开头 "no one is an island"
4、as technology creeps into more and more areas of their everyday lifes.

introduction: 
    1.background 现象->罗列 抽象->具体
    2.topic paraphrase 同义改写
    3.thesis statement 立场+过渡


prefer只要支持一个 
sedentary life 久坐生活
truth be told, ……

结尾：文本主题+各段论点
在开门见山的时候，结尾可以放长一点，加建议


On contemporary, with the advencement of society, people can choose different jobs cater for their interests and requirements. At the same time,
more and more companies offer jobs which are challenging, tiring, but well-paid and interesting. People often get into a dilemma whether 
select a job with challenging and interesting projects but less vacation days, or choose a job that not so challenging but more vacation
days. According to my personality and experiences, I cling to an unshakable berief to choose the former one.

First and foremost, choosing an job with a challenging and interesting project is beneficial for their working skills.As an young people who
first enter the working environment and society, it is a great chance to test their theoretical knowledge learned from school. Take one 
of myupperclassmen who major in Computer Science as an example. After graduated as an doctorial students, he entered in a well-known
company and alloted in a gruoup which take responsibilities to a project. During that time, though under great pressure to finish his 
work before the deadline and fix his code to cater for customers' needs, he finally gain a lot precious experiences, such as learning 
and using some softwares proficiencly, dealing with annoying customers, and he also found many cases which have great gaps with what 
he met in school. However, if choosing a job which are unchallenging, people will stay in their comfort zone, lose the oppotunity to 
innovate and exercise. Thus, in the long run, choosing jobs that filled with challengments do good for people's development in working.


